gh-91887: Store strong references to pending tasks (#121264)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-02-14-07-32.gh-issue-91887.eWzc5E.rst

> Retain strong references for asyncio pending tasks to avoid rare crashes due

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retain strong references for pending :class:`asyncio.Task` objects to avoid rare crashes due
```

> to brackground tasks. Patch by Alexander Hartl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to background tasks. Patch by Alexander Hartl.
```
